hello boys and girls my name's Foyle Oh
would you believe it's been over three
years since my girlfriend Helle
tragically passed jeez three years when
you reckon a blue whale's got blue balls
well anyway keep the guy who feeds me
finally notice that I look more like a
sperm whale than a goldfish and he's
just arrived back from the pet store
then you made for me there you go little
fella don't be shy
my name's follow you do do you like
flora or fauna okay I know it's been a
while but what kind of goldfish you you
I'm not a goldfish I am a sucking
catfish why do those only suck and ask
him no no that's what I am a sucking
catfish I suck up algae jeez that's a
big gross
I hope we're not expecting any kissing
during our mating mating they'll be no
mazing with me freak I'm the Freak is
long when you think you're here for
Peter link watch it'll be my mate I
think you'll find that the only reason
people may wish to suck off all the
algae in this dump
well in that case let's play The Price
is Right the prices rise take the
sucking catfish come on down
you
I'd like to say a big thanks to miscrit
for doing the voice of cape clicking to
check her out I have